How will you test the changes?
How will you ensure the changes don't negatively affect your cluster?

There are three environments: development, staging and production. I will test the changes in the development environment first to test out the 
Kubernetes functionality and performance after hardening. As the hardening can affect the behavior of etcd, master and control plane. 
I will make sure the addition of certification authority, EventRateLimit and PodSecurityPolicy in the master will not adversely impact 
the communication with worker nodes. I will also monitor metrics that are available through observability and monitoring techniques using 
Prometheus and Grafana to make these changes do not degrade performance and generate extraneous loads on the system. 
Furthermore, these changes should not introduce system errors. We could also roll out these changed incrementally to isolate potential issues and 
minimize roll back activities as they could be time consuming. 

After having successfully tested these changes in the development environment, I will migrate them to the Staging environment 
where I can use the canary approach by introducing a small number of changes at a time and apply some simulated traffic to the environment 
to test the response times which should be within the range of acceptable performance level. The simulated traffic should mimic the production 
load closely so it is an accurate representation of what the users would experience.

Once the test in the Staging environment is successful, we can take a blue-green deployment approach by supporting 2 production environments. 
The blue production environment is where the out-of-the box Kubernetes configuration resides while the green environment is where all the hardening 
changes will take place. To start, we could send a small portion of the production traffic (say 10%) to the green environment and monitor any 
potential adverse effect, if everything goes well, we can gradually increase the traffic until the traffic to the green environment reaches 100%, 
when that occurs, the blue environment can become the backup environment or turned off completely.
